HTTP to HTTPS redirection (#1407)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/administering/designing-production/networking/port-configurations.md

After you disable HTTP support, traffic sent to the unencrypted API endpoint is blocked.

## HTTP to HTTPS redirection

> Starting version 6.0.12, the automatic HTTP to HTTPS redirection is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 6.0.12, the automatic HTTP to HTTPS redirection is disabled.
```

> To poll metrics from the metrics_exporter, or to access the web UI (the CM), use HTTPS in your request, as HTTP requests won't be automatically redirected to HTTPS for those services. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To poll metrics from the `metrics_exporter` or to access the admin console, use HTTPS in your request. HTTP requests won't be automatically redirected to HTTPS for those services. 
```
